# EngineDashboard
Rev 2.0 of Liquid Engine GUI with modern framework and better UI/UX


## Installation

### Windows
1. Download the latest `EngineDashboard_Setup.exe` file from latest released version.
2. Run the executable. The executable will install the Engine Dashboard on your computer like any other program.


## Running the App
- Windows: Run the EngineDashboard from the Windows start menu.


## Development
All development work should be done in a separate branch from `main`. The suggested branch naming convention is naming the branch after the change being made or a version number.

### Setup
1. Clone the GitHub repository.
2. Run `npm install` in base directory to install required packages.
3. Run `npm start` or `npm run start` to start the app in development mode.

### Packaging
1. Run `npm pacakge` in the base directory.
2. The packaged file will appear in the `dist` directory.

### Code Structure
- Framework JavaScript should go in the `src` directory
- Static JavaScript to be used on pages should go in `static/js`
  - Page renderers  should go in `static/js/renderers`
- CSS goes in `static/css`
- Images go in `static/images`
- Icons go in `static/icons`
- All python code belongs in `src-python`
  - The Flask server and API routes are in `src-python/api.py`
- Any changes to the overall scheme should be noted here.

### Documentation
- Any changes made to the code should be thoroughly documented and included in the changelog.
- All changes should be versioned, following [semantic versioning rules](https://semver.org/).
  - Bug fixes should increment the patch version (0.0.x)
  - Minor, backwards-compatible changes increment the minor version (0.x.0)
  - Major, backwards-incompatible changes increment the major version (x.0.0)
- If new features are added that require documentation, they should be included in the `docs` directory.

### Releases
- Whenever changes are merged into `main`, there should be a new GitHub version release.
- When ready to release the version, run `npm run package` to create the installation executable in the `dist` folder.
- The intallation executable generated by `npm run package` should be attached to the version release.
